README.markdown, before:

-*- Mode: auto-fill -*-

Tweaks for F-Secure Anti-Virus for Mac
======================================

F-Secure has an anti-virus product for Mac OS X, called F-Secure Mac
Protection in its "Technology Preview" incarnation and "F-Secure
Anti-Virus for Mac" in the retail version. The product has some nice
things going for it, but also some things that annoy me. I intend to
make it easy to get rid of the annoying parts while still keeping it a
bit safer to receive files from untrusted sources.

*NOTE:* This is not endorsed by F-Secure in any way. I am simply
documenting this because I want to repeat the steps I have taken, and
in the off chance someone else might find this useful, all the
better.


Disabling real-time scanning
----------------------------

First: https://gist.github.com/1021702

then:
	sudo launchctl unload -w /Library/LaunchDaemons/com.f-secure.clstate-periodic.plist

Disabling the UI
----------------

	sudo /usr/local/f-secure/bin/loginitem - "`find /Applications -name 'F-Secure Mac Protection.app' -depth 2`"
	killall fscuif

Install growlnotify
-------------------

Available as in the 'Extras' folder in the Growl (http://growl.info/)
installer dmg.

Set up scanning of downloaded files
-----------------------------------

Install a folder action Automator that runs the script
"folderaction.sh" available in the repo, and configure it for the
Downloads folder, with a code snippet like this:

	  /Users/rasmus/fsmactweaks/folderaction.sh "$@"

![Automator screenshot](https://github.com/pajp/fsmactweaks/raw/master/folderaction.png)

Commit message:

clarify what growlnotify is used for. More information about Folder Actions

README.markdown, after:

-*- Mode: auto-fill -*-

Tweaks for F-Secure Anti-Virus for Mac
======================================

F-Secure has an anti-virus product for Mac OS X, called F-Secure Mac
Protection in its "Technology Preview" incarnation and "F-Secure
Anti-Virus for Mac" in the retail version. The product has some nice
things going for it, but also some things that annoy me. I intend to
make it easy to get rid of the annoying parts while still keeping it a
bit safer to receive files from untrusted sources.

*NOTE:* This is not endorsed by F-Secure in any way. I am simply
documenting this because I want to repeat the steps I have taken, and
in the off chance someone else might find this useful, all the
better. If things break, you're on your own.


Disabling real-time scanning
----------------------------

First: https://gist.github.com/1021702

then (optional, but reduces syslog noise):
	sudo launchctl unload -w /Library/LaunchDaemons/com.f-secure.clstate-periodic.plist

Disabling the UI
----------------

	sudo /usr/local/f-secure/bin/loginitem - "`find /Applications -name 'F-Secure Mac Protection.app' -depth 2`"
	killall fscuif

Install growlnotify
-------------------

Available as in the 'Extras' folder in the Growl (http://growl.info/)
installer dmg. This will be used in the next section for setting up
automatic scanning of downloaded files.

Set up scanning of downloaded files
-----------------------------------

Install a folder action Automator that runs the script
"folderaction.sh" available in the repo, and configure it for the
Downloads folder, with a code snippet like this:

	  /Users/rasmus/fsmactweaks/folderaction.sh "$@"

![Automator screenshot](https://github.com/pajp/fsmactweaks/raw/master/folderaction.png)

Create similar folder actions for all folders where regularly receive
files, for example through BitTorrent. If you're using Transmission,
for example, it may make sense to set the "Keep incomplete files
in..." preference to a temporary directory and then add the Folder
Action to the folder where the completed downloads are moved.
